Getting started with CSS (#2)
adrianmurage/review-intro: Getting Started With CSS/index.md

# GETTING STARTED WITH CSS

> CSS is an abbreviation for cascading style sheets. It is a style language used in expressing the display of a document  written in a markup language like HTML. Alongside HTML and Javascript, CSS is a foundation technology in the worldwide web.

Reviewer: Consider re-writing the second sentence. My suggestion is:
```suggestion
CSS is an abbreviation for cascading style sheets. It is a language that's used to style the display of a document written in a markup language like HTML. Alongside HTML and JavaScript, CSS is a foundation technology of the worldwide web.
```

## Functions of CSS

> CSS aids users carry out the presentation of web pages and adjust their presentation to different types of gadgets such as large screens or small screens. CSS also helps users apply elements consistently throughout the site pages such that lists and headings look alike throughout the site pages.

Reviewer: Consider re-writing this to something like
```suggestion
CSS helps developers change the presentation of web pages and make them responsive to different types of gadgets. It also helps them apply elements like lists and headings consistently throughout the sites pages.
```

## CSS Properties and How to Use Them
### 1.Changing The Color of A Text

> It is done by merely adding the suitable CSS selector and specifying the color property and value wanted. Users can use CSS selectors to style elements by adding the **style** element to your code like this;

Reviewer: consider re-writing this to 
```suggestion
With CSS you can change the color of text. To do this you need to target the element who's text you need to modify with the appropriate selector. You then use the `color` attribute to specify the color you desire for your text as shown below. This can either be done in a separate style sheet or in your HTML file by adding the `style` element like I have in the example.
```

> ```CSS

Reviewer: The style element is normally inside html hence this should be a html bloc.
Also the language is never fully uppercase
```suggestion
```html
```

<style>
 h2{
     color: red;
 }
 </style>
 ```

>  This will change all the header2 to the color red.
>  The CSS selector can be incorporated in HTML like this;

Reviewer: consider changing this to
```suggestion
This will change all the h2 elements to the color red.

 Although not advisable in practice, you can also use inline styles to achieve the same results as illustrated in the example below.
```

>  ```HTML

Reviewer: switch to lowercase
```suggestion
 ```html
```
